OUTLINE.md, before:

# ITC 134 Web Project
Camila Christensen, Chengtao Hua, Andy Fessel

## OUTLINE
### Bitcoin is (Andy)
1)	What is Bitcoin
a)	A type of global digital currency
i)	Send & receive across the internet
b)	Uses encryption (basis is cryptography)
i)	To regulate generation of units
ii)	Verify transfer of funds
iii)	Employs SHA-256 Algorithm
c)	Bitcoins can be used for online transactions
i)	Transfer of value
ii)	Between Bitcoin wallets
iii)	Included in block chain
d)	Wallets keep secret piece of data
i)	Private key or seed
(1)	Used to sign transactions
(2)	Mathematical proof
(a)	Originate from owner
ii)	Number of wallet suppliers
e)	Basically a computer file
i)	Stored in a digital wallet
ii)	People can send bitcoins (or parts)
(1)	To other wallets
iii)	Recorded in public list “blockchain”
f)	Sign-up for account on website/wallet
i)	Proof of ID and verify credit card
ii)	Able to buy and sell
g)	Can send to someone you don’t know or trust
i)	Money exchange without be linked to ID
ii)	Growing number of merchants/services accept
h)	Generated by mining
i)	Individuals rewarded for their services
ii)	Process  and add transactions that secure the network
iii)	Earn bitcoin in exchange
iv)	Need ASIC miner, a GPU or CPU
(1)	Download blockchain 
(2)	A mining program
(3)	Connect to a mining pool
i)	Only 21 million bitcoins can be mined in total
i)	Effective April 2018 – 17 million had been mined 
j)	Not backed by any government or currency supply
k)	Bitcoin operates some ATM’s
i)	Cash can be withdrawn against your account

### History & value (Camila)
### Competition (Chengtao)
### Pluses & minuses (Chengtao)
### Recommendation (team will do at end)

Commit message:

Addition to history of bitcoin

OUTLINE.md, after:

# ITC 134 Web Project
Camila Christensen, Chengtao Hua, Andy Fessel

## OUTLINE
### Bitcoin is (Andy)
1)	What is Bitcoin
a)	A type of global digital currency
i)	Send & receive across the internet
b)	Uses encryption (basis is cryptography)
i)	To regulate generation of units
ii)	Verify transfer of funds
iii)	Employs SHA-256 Algorithm
c)	Bitcoins can be used for online transactions
i)	Transfer of value
ii)	Between Bitcoin wallets
iii)	Included in block chain
d)	Wallets keep secret piece of data
i)	Private key or seed
(1)	Used to sign transactions
(2)	Mathematical proof
(a)	Originate from owner
ii)	Number of wallet suppliers
e)	Basically a computer file
i)	Stored in a digital wallet
ii)	People can send bitcoins (or parts)
(1)	To other wallets
iii)	Recorded in public list “blockchain”
f)	Sign-up for account on website/wallet
i)	Proof of ID and verify credit card
ii)	Able to buy and sell
g)	Can send to someone you don’t know or trust
i)	Money exchange without be linked to ID
ii)	Growing number of merchants/services accept
h)	Generated by mining
i)	Individuals rewarded for their services
ii)	Process  and add transactions that secure the network
iii)	Earn bitcoin in exchange
iv)	Need ASIC miner, a GPU or CPU
(1)	Download blockchain 
(2)	A mining program
(3)	Connect to a mining pool
i)	Only 21 million bitcoins can be mined in total
i)	Effective April 2018 – 17 million had been mined 
j)	Not backed by any government or currency supply
k)	Bitcoin operates some ATM’s
i)	Cash can be withdrawn against your account

### History & value (Camila)
Bitcoin was designed by a pseudonymous known as Satoshi Nakamoto, to work as a medium of exchange that would work as a decentralized currency using cryptography to control its management. The domain was register is 2008, but only in 2009 it got announced after the project got registered on SourceForge.net, an open source software and its first version is released. The lack of a line interface furthers the speculation that it was developed by more than one person. By the end of 2009, Bitcoin establishes its value of US$1 = 1,309.03BTC and the equation used was the same that included the cost of electricity to run a machine that generated Bitcoins.In 2010 a platform called MtGox was created by Jed McCaleb as a currency exchange market. In the same year a vulnerability that causes Bitcoins to be improperly verified is discovered and 184 billion Bitcoins are generated. In December 2010 the first mobile Bitcoin transaction occurred. In January 2011, Three hundred trillion dollars are traded for 12 BTC. In February 2011, Bitcoin reaches parity with the US dollar for the first time. In June 2011, MtGox suffers a significant breach of security and requires the site to shut down for seven hours. The issue forced MtGox price down to US$17.51 to US$0.01 per Bitcoin

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=102&v=Um63OQz3bjo

### Competition (Chengtao)
### Pluses & minuses (Chengtao)
### Recommendation (team will do at end)
